README.md, before:

# Code for Sensation & Perception and Cognition Labs
-----
### Overview

This repo contains code to run the laboratory exercises (i.e., simplified versions of classic experiments) for the undergraduate psychology labs in Cognition (830:306) and Sensation & Perception (830:302) at Rutgers.

These laboratory exercises are implemented in Python and intended to run using the [Psychopy](https://www.psychopy.org/) software package. We make a reasonable effort to update the code regularly so that it is compatible with the latest version of Psychopy (which can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/psychopy/psychopy/releases)).

-----
### File Information

The code for each laboratory exercise is kept in its own separate folder. Each folder contains its own `README.md` markdown file which includes a more detailed summary of the associated exercise, along with notes about the current status of the code. These files are linked in the brief descriptions below:

Exercise Name | Description
---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[AttentionalBlink](AttentionalBlink/AttentionalBlink-README.md) | implements an RSVP dual detection/identification task that illustrates the "attentional blink" phenomenon wherein an attention-grabbing visual target reduce the detectability of other targets occuring in close temporal succession.
[AutomaticityStroop](AutomaticityStroop/Stroop-README.md) | implements a version of the Stroop task, which demonstrates the effects of automatic processing (i.e., reading color words) on responses to perceptual judgments.
[Categorization](Categorization/Categorization-README.md) | implements a categorization task that demonstrates the effects of category complexity.
[Crowding](Crowding/Crowding-README.md) | implements a letter identification task that demonstrates the effects of visual "crowding" by nearby flanking letters.
[DividedAttention](DividedAttention/DividedAttention-README.md) | implements a dual-task requiring divided attention. Two variants of the task are included.
[LexicalDecision](LexicalDecision/LexicalDecision-README.md) | presents (English) word/non-word pairs and demonstrates how the contextual connections between words affects our processing of them.
[LineLength](LineLength/LineLength-README.md) | a simple, straightforward implementation of the Müller-Lyer visual length illusion, using the method of adjustment.
[MentalRotation](MentalRotation/MentalRotation-README.md) | implements a simple version of the classic Shepard & Metzler (1971) mental rotation experiment.
[MoralCognition](MoralCognition/MoralCognition-README.md) | a survey of moral judgments using the "Trolley Problem" in its many variations.
[Motion](Motion/Motion-README.md) | implements three simple motion tasks that require observers to make judgments about the "coherence" of 4 motion elements.
[Schema](Schema/Schema-README.md) | a word list recognition task that demonstrates the effects of cognitive schema in memory for words.
[SwitchCosts](SwitchCosts/SwitchCosts-README.md) | a dual-task reaction time experiment that shows how switching between tasks affects reaction time and accuracy.

-----

Commit message:

modified ToneDiscrimination exercise to work with Psychopy3
- also switched audio engine to PTB. The experiment (with default parameters) was broken under the existing audio engine.

README.md, after:

# Code for Sensation & Perception and Cognition Labs
-----
### Overview

This repo contains code to run the laboratory exercises (i.e., simplified versions of classic experiments) for the undergraduate psychology labs in Cognition (830:306) and Sensation & Perception (830:302) at Rutgers.

These laboratory exercises are implemented in Python and intended to run using the [Psychopy](https://www.psychopy.org/) software package. We make a reasonable effort to update the code regularly so that it is compatible with the latest version of Psychopy (which can be downloaded [here](https://github.com/psychopy/psychopy/releases)).

-----
### File Information

The code for each laboratory exercise is kept in its own separate folder. Each folder contains its own `README.md` markdown file which includes a more detailed summary of the associated exercise, along with notes about the current status of the code. These files are linked in the brief descriptions below:

Exercise Name | Description
---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[AttentionalBlink](AttentionalBlink/AttentionalBlink-README.md) | implements an RSVP dual detection/identification task that illustrates the "attentional blink" phenomenon wherein an attention-grabbing visual target reduce the detectability of other targets occuring in close temporal succession.
[AutomaticityStroop](AutomaticityStroop/Stroop-README.md) | implements a version of the Stroop task, which demonstrates the effects of automatic processing (i.e., reading color words) on responses to perceptual judgments.
[Categorization](Categorization/Categorization-README.md) | implements a categorization task that demonstrates the effects of category complexity.
[Crowding](Crowding/Crowding-README.md) | implements a letter identification task that demonstrates the effects of visual "crowding" by nearby flanking letters.
[DividedAttention](DividedAttention/DividedAttention-README.md) | implements a dual-task requiring divided attention. Two variants of the task are included.
[LexicalDecision](LexicalDecision/LexicalDecision-README.md) | presents (English) word/non-word pairs and demonstrates how the contextual connections between words affects our processing of them.
[LineLength](LineLength/LineLength-README.md) | a simple, straightforward implementation of the Müller-Lyer visual length illusion, using the method of adjustment.
[MentalRotation](MentalRotation/MentalRotation-README.md) | implements a simple version of the classic Shepard & Metzler (1971) mental rotation experiment.
[MoralCognition](MoralCognition/MoralCognition-README.md) | a survey of moral judgments using the "Trolley Problem" in its many variations.
[Motion](Motion/Motion-README.md) | implements three simple motion tasks that require observers to make judgments about the "coherence" of 4 motion elements.
[Schema](Schema/Schema-README.md) | a word list recognition task that demonstrates the effects of cognitive schemata on memory for words.
[SwitchCosts](SwitchCosts/SwitchCosts-README.md) | a dual-task reaction time experiment that shows how switching between tasks affects reaction time and accuracy.
[ToneDiscrimination](ToneDiscrimination/ToneDiscrimination-README.md) | a simple audio frequency discrimination task that uses the method of constant stimuli.
-----
